Make `.secrets` creation mandatory (#14)
ukgovdatascience/govcookiecutter: {{ cookiecutter.repo_name }}/CONTRIBUTING.md

It is better to use the above make command, rather than `pip install -r requirements.txt` and `pre-commit install`, as
the command will ensure your pre-commit hooks are up-to-date with any changes made.

The pre-commit hooks are a security feature to ensure no secrets<sup>[1](#footnote-1)</sup>, large data files, and

> Jupyter notebooks are accidentally committed into the repository. For more information about the pre-commit hooks used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jupyter notebook outputs are accidentally committed into the repository. For more information about the pre-commit hooks used
```

Very minor, butI think this is a fairer descriptions of what the pre-commit hook does
